DOCUMENT (ENG)
Merdeka.com - Coordinating Minister for Maritime Affairs Luhut Binsar Pandjaitan said the Indonesian diaspora could help development in Papua and West Papua, through investment in science and technology. "Indonesia is now undergoing changes with development in various regions, this is a good momentum for you to invest based on the knowledge you have," said Luhut at the 4th Indonesian Diaspora Congress (IDN-4 Global Summit) as quoted by Antara, Monday (21). / 8 ) . One of them is the way the Indonesian diaspora is involved in building vital sectors in the two provinces, especially education, health, and agriculture. That way, he hopes that these sectors can be advanced through research and technology, where the Indonesian diaspora has an advantage in this field. "Research in various countries has developed, for example in China. There the government cooperates with scientists to make innovations and good products. We can take examples from that," he added. According to him, the diaspora's contribution to development in Papua and West Papua is very important because until now these two provinces are still lagging behind, even though the government has allocated a large amount of funds for their development. He added that there are many things that become obstacles for Papua 's development . Among these are the inefficient use of the budget plus the absence of regional leaders as obstacles to development in Papua and West Papua. "We give a large amount of budget to Papua, almost 10 billion US dollars per year with a population of only four million people. Why has it not progressed yet because of inefficiency, almost 50 percent of the time of the leaders there is actually spent outside Papua," he explained. The Indonesian Diaspora Network ( IDN Global ) has signed a memorandum of understanding ( MoU ) with the National Development Planning Agency ( Bappenas ) in July 2017 . The MoU includes several breakthroughs that will be implemented by the diaspora in Papua and West Papua, such as a boarding school program and the development of technology to support health (telemedicine) using the MEO Satellite. [ idr ]

DOCUMENT (INA)
Merdeka.com - Menteri Koordinator bidang Kemaritiman Luhut Binsar Pandjaitan mengatakan diaspora Indonesia bisa membantu pembangunan di Papua dan Papua Barat , melalui investasi ilmu pengetahuan dan teknologi . " Indonesia sekarang mengalami perubahan dengan pembangunan di berbagai daerah , ini momentum yang baik untuk Anda melakukan investasi berdasarkan ilmu pengetahuan yang Anda punya , " kata Luhut dalam Kongres Diaspora Indonesia ke - 4 ( IDN - 4 Global Summit ) seperti dikutip Antara , Senin ( 21 / 8 ) . Salah satunya dengan cara diaspora Indonesia ikut terlibat membangun sektor-sektor vital di kedua provinsi tersebut , terutama pendidikan , kesehatan , dan pertanian . Dengan begitu , dia berharap sektor-sektor tersebut dapat dimajukan melalui riset dan teknologi , di mana diaspora Indonesia memiliki keunggulan di bidang tersebut . " Riset di berbagai negara sudah maju contohnya di China . Di sana pemerintah bekerja sama dgn para ilmuwannya untuk membuat inovasi dan produk-produk bagus . Kita bisa mengambil contoh dari situ , " imbuhnya . Menurutnya , kontribusi diaspora untuk pembangunan di Papua dan Papua Barat begitu penting karena hingga saat ini kedua provinsi tersebut masih tertinggal , meskipun pemerintah telah mengalokasikan sejumlah besar dana bagi pembangunannya . Dia menambahkan , banyak hal yang menjadi kendala bagi pembangunan Papua . Di antaranya penggunaan anggaran yang tidak efisien ditambah absennya para pemimpin daerah menjadi kendala pembangunan di Papua dan Papua Barat . " Kami kasih anggaran ke Papua itu tidak sedikit , hampir 10 miliar dolar AS per tahunnya dengan jumlah penduduk cuma empat juta orang . Kenapa belum maju ya karena inefisiensi , hampir 50 persen waktu pemimpin-pemimpin di sana justru dihabiskan di luar Papua , " jelasnya . Jaringan Diaspora Indonesia ( IDN Global ) telah menandatangani nota kesepahaman ( MoU ) dengan Badan Perencanaan Pembangunan Nasional ( Bappenas ) pada Juli 2017 . MoU tersebut mencakup beberapa terobosan yang akan dilaksanakan para diaspora di Papua dan Papua Barat , seperti program sekolah berasrama dan pengembangan teknologi untuk menunjang kesehatan ( telemedicine ) menggunakan MEO Satellite . [ idr ]

SUMMARY (ENG)
Coordinating Minister for Maritime Affairs Luhut Binsar Pandjaitan said the Indonesian diaspora could help development in Papua and West Papua, one of them by being involved in building vital sectors in the two provinces, especially education, health, and agriculture. That way, he hopes that these sectors can be advanced through research and technology, where the Indonesian diaspora has an advantage in this field.

SUMMARY (INA)
Menteri Koordinator bidang Kemaritiman Luhut Binsar Pandjaitan mengatakan diaspora Indonesia bisa membantu pembangunan di Papua dan Papua Barat , salah satunya dengan cara ikut terlibat membangun sektor-sektor vital di kedua provinsi tersebut , terutama pendidikan , kesehatan , dan pertanian . Dengan begitu , dia berharap sektor-sektor tersebut dapat dimajukan melalui riset dan teknologi , di mana diaspora Indonesia memiliki keunggulan di bidang tersebut .
