DOCUMENT (ENG)
Persib Bandung continued their positive trend in away matches after beating Sriwijaya FC with a score of 4-1 in the postponed match week 20 of Liga 1 2017 at the Gelora Sriwijaya Jakabaring Stadium, Monday (4/9) evening WIB. This additional three points lifted Persib's position to ninth in the standings with a value of 32. Meanwhile , Sriwijaya FC is stuck in 12th position with 28 points . First half Although playing at the opponent's cage, Persib played an open game since the kick-off whistle was blown by the referee. The match became interesting , because Sriwijaya FC who did not want to be embarrassed in front of the public also showed an offensive scheme . The host supporters were silenced in the 17th minute after Persib was able to open the scoring first . Sohei Matsunaga's strike from the left of the attack was followed by a cross which was headed by Ezechiel N'Douassel. Conceded by one goal , Sriwijaya FC tried to get up by increasing the rhythm of the game . However , they had difficulty approaching Persib 's penalty box due to the solid defense of the Blue Prince . Instead of equalizing , goalkeeper Teja Paku Alam conceded for the second time in the 32nd minute . Receiving a pass from the left side , Ezechiel took advantage of Teja 's mistake , and provided a pass to Essien who did not waste a chance to score against Sriwijaya FC . Persib's second goal made the tension in the match heat up. Even Marcho Merauje did a commendable action by kicking Ezechiel 's leg , and was given a yellow card . Until the first half ended , the score was 2-0 for Persib 's advantage to remain . The second half of the game Sriwijaya FC and Persib did not change in the second half. The advantage of two goals did not make Persib reduce the tempo of the game , so the match continued to be fierce . Sriwijaya FC had the opportunity to reduce the lag in the 51st minute . M Nur Iskandar who was free standing without an escort fired a hard kick , but the ball went wide to the left side of Natshir Fadhil 's goal . On the other hand , Persib gained the upper hand after they succeeded in increasing their advantage when the match lasted one hour . Receiving a long pass from the middle , Febri Hariyadi outwit Sriwijaya FC defender , and fired a hard shot just outside the box that could not be reached by Teja . Winning three goals began to reduce the tempo of Persib's game to secure . Sriwijaya FC took advantage of it by applying pressure , and got a golden opportunity in the 68th minute . But Alberto ' Beto ' Goncalves threw it in vain after his shot went wide on the right side of the goal . Towards the end of the game , substitute Billy Keraf extended the lead after maximizing Raphael Maitimo 's pass . Meanwhile , Tijani Belaid 's goal soon after could only reduce Sriwijaya FC 's defeat to 4 - 1 . The following is the line-up for the two teams: Sriwijaya FC: Teja Paku Alam; Rudolof Yanto Basna, Bobby Satria, Marckho Sandy Merauje, Gilang Ginarsa, Ichsan Kurniawan, Yu Hyun Koo, Tijani Belaid, Muhammad Nur Iskandar, Hilton Moreira, Alberto Goncalves. Suggestions: Sandy Firmansyah; Achmad Faris, Indra Permana, Manda Cingi, Rachmad Hidayat, Yohanis Nabar, Rizsky Dwi Ramadhana. Coach : Hartono Ruslan Persib : M. Natshir Fadhil ; Tony Sucipto, Vladimir Vujovic, Achmad Jufriyanto, Henhen Herdiana, Kim Jeffrey Kurniawan, Dedi Kusnandar, Michael Essien, Febri Hariyadi, Shohei Matsunaga, Ezechiel N'douassel. Suggestions : I Made Wirawan ; Purwaka Yudi, Wildansyah, Hariono, Atep, Raphael Maitimo, Billy Keraf. Coach : Emral Abus

DOCUMENT (INA)
Persib Bandung melanjutkan tren positif mereka di laga tandang setelah mengalahkan Sriwijaya FC dengan skor 4 - 1 dalam laga tunda pekan ke - 20 Liga 1 2017 di Stadion Gelora Sriwijaya Jakabaring , Senin ( 4 / 9 ) malam WIB . Tambahan tiga angka ini mengangkat posisi Persib ke peringkat sembilan klasemen sementara dengan nilai 32 . Sedangkan Sriwijaya FC tertahan di posisi ke - 12 dengan 28 poin . Babak pertama Walau bermain di kandang lawan , Persib memeragakan permainan terbuka sejak peluit kick-off ditiupkan wasit . Pertandingan menjadi menarik , karena Sriwijaya FC yang tak ingin malu di hadapan publiknya juga memperlihatkan skema ofensif . Pendukung tuan rumah terbungkam pada menit ke - 17 setelah Persib mampu membuka keunggulan lebih dulu . Tusukan Sohei Matsunaga dari sektor kiri serangan dilanjutkan dengan umpan silang yang ditanduk Ezechiel N'Douassel . Kecolongan satu gol , Sriwijaya FC berusaha bangkit dengan menaikkan irama permainan . Namun mereka mengalami kesulitan untuk mendekat kotak penalti Persib akibat solidnya barisan pertahanan Pangeran Biru . Alih - alih menyamakan kedudukan , gawang Teja Paku Alam kebobolan untuk kali kedua di menit ke - 32 . Menerima umpan dari sisi kiri , Ezechiel memanfaatkan kesalahan Teja , dan memberikan umpan kepada Essien yang tidak membuang peluang guna menjebol gawang Sriwijaya FC . Gol kedua Persib ini membuat tensi pertandingan memanas . Bahkan Marckho Merauje melakukan aksi tidak terpuji dengan menendang kaki Ezechiel , dan diganjar kartu kuning . Hingga babak pertama berakhir , skor 2 - 0 untuk keunggulan Persib tetap bertahan . Babak kedua Permainan Sriwijaya FC dan Persib tidak mengalami perubahan di babak kedua . Keunggulan dua gol tidak membuat Persib menurunkan tempo permainan , sehingga laga tetap berlangsung sengit . Peluang memperkecil ketertinggalan sempat diperoleh Sriwijaya FC pada menit ke - 51 . M Nur Iskandar yang berdiri bebas tanpa pengawalan melepaskan tendangan keras , tapi bola melebar ke sisi kiri gawang Natshir Fadhil . Di lain sisi , Persib makin di atas angin setelah mereka sukses memperbesar keunggulan saat laga berjalan satu jam . Menerima umpan panjang dari tengah , Febri Hariyadi mengecoh bek Sriwijaya FC , dan melepaskan tendangan keras sedikit di luar kotak yang tak bisa dijangkau Teja . Unggul tiga gol mulai menurunkan tempo permainan Persib untuk mengamankan . Sriwijaya FC memanfaatkannya dengan melakukan tekanan , dan mendapat peluang emas di menit ke - 68 . Namun Alberto ' Beto ' Goncalves membuangnya dengan percuma setelah sepakannya melebar tipis di sisi kanan gawang . Menjelang pertandingan berakhir , pemain pengganti Billy Keraf memperbesar keunggulan setelah memaksimalkan umpan Raphael Maitimo . Sedangkan Gol Tijani Belaid tak lama kemudian hanya bisa memperkecil kekalahan Sriwijaya FC menjadi 4 - 1 . Berikut susunan pemain kedua tim : Sriwijaya FC : Teja Paku Alam ; Rudolof Yanto Basna , Bobby Satria , Marckho Sandy Merauje , Gilang Ginarsa , Ichsan Kurniawan , Yu Hyun Koo , Tijani Belaid , Muhammad Nur Iskandar , Hilton Moreira , Alberto Goncalves . Cadangan : Sandy Firmansyah ; Achmad Faris , Indra Permana , Manda Cingi , Rachmad Hidayat , Yohanis Nabar , Rizsky Dwi Ramadhana . Pelatih : Hartono Ruslan Persib : M. Natshir Fadhil ; Tony Sucipto , Vladimir Vujovic , Achmad Jufriyanto , Henhen Herdiana , Kim Jeffrey Kurniawan , Dedi Kusnandar , Michael Essien , Febri Hariyadi , Shohei Matsunaga , Ezechiel N'douassel . Cadangan : I Made Wirawan ; Purwaka Yudi , Wildansyah , Hariono , Atep , Raphael Maitimo , Billy Keraf . Pelatih : Emral Abus

SUMMARY (ENG)
Persib Bandung beat the host Sriwijaya FC with a score of 4-1 in the postponed match week 20 of Liga 1 at the Gelora Sriwijaya Jakabaring Stadium, Monday (4/9) evening WIB. Persib's goals were scored by E. N'Douassel (17), Essien (32), Febri Haryadi (60) and Keraf (90+), while Sriwijaya replied through Belaid (90+). This result raised Persib to rank ninth . Meanwhile Sriwijaya FC was stuck in 12th position .

SUMMARY (INA)
Persib Bandung mengalahkan tuan rumah Sriwijaya FC dengan skor 4 - 1 dalam laga tunda pekan ke - 20 Liga 1 di Stadion Gelora Sriwijaya Jakabaring , Senin ( 4 / 9 ) malam WIB . Gol Persib dicetak E. N'Douassel ( 17 ) , Essien ( 32 ) , Febri Haryadi ( 60 ) dan Keraf ( 90 + ) , sedangkan Sriwijaya membalas lewat Belaid ( 90 + ) . Hasil ini mengangkat Persib ke peringkat sembilan . Sedangkan Sriwijaya FC tertahan di posisi ke - 12 .
